jira: Rewrite plugin to use new API client and support new Teleport features (#212)
gravitational/teleport-plugins: access/jira/README.md

```toml
[teleport]

> auth_server = "example.com:3025"                       # Teleport Auth Server GRPC API address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auth_server = "example.com:3025"                       # Teleport Auth/Proxy Server address (should be port 443 for Teleport Cloud)
```

> clientkey = "/var/lib/teleport/plugins/jira/auth.key"  # Teleport GRPC client secret key

Reviewer: Add identity option

the required PEM files, and make sure that the Auth Server's GRPC API is
accessible at the address indicated by `auth_server`.

> `auth_server` can also be a proxy (e.g. when using a plugin with Teleport Cloud),

Reviewer: You could avoid adding this explanation (here and in #220) by making `file` format and `IdentityCredentials` the default/recommended credential method. You could leave the `tls` format and `KeyPairCredentials` just for backwards compatiblity.

in that case use `tctl auth sign --format=file` to export the identity file
containing SSH keys and set the `identity` file path in a config.

```TOML
[teleport]

> auth_server = "yourproxy.teleport.sh"            # Teleport proxy address

Reviewer: ```suggestion
auth_server = "yourproxy.teleport.sh:443"            # Teleport proxy address
```

Author: `*.teleport.sh` names work without specifying a port
